= This is a work in progress. Use at your own risk!
---

= Moonshine Logstash and Grok
---

{logstash}[http://logstash.net/] is a tool for managing events and logs.
You can use it to collect logs, parse them, and store them for later use
(like, for searching). Speaking of searching, logstash comes with a web
interface for searching and drilling into all of your logs.

It is fully free and fully open source. The license is Apache 2.0,
meaning you are pretty much free to use it however you want in whatever way.

=== A plugin for Moonshine[http://github.com/railsmachine/moonshine]

This Moonshine plugin allows you to easily integrate Logstash into your
server ecosystem. This is intended to be used with redis as the transport.

This plugin uses openjdk-6-jdk as the java base. You can specify your java package by using
:logstash:
  :java_runtime:
    - openjdk-6-jdk
  :config:
    :redis_password: password
    :redis_username: username
    :redis_host server_name_or_ip
    :redis_key: my_key
    :log_path: #this will take an array if you don't want to use wildcdards
     - /home/rails/apps/*/current/log/*.log
    :redis_debug: false

Make sure you include 
* <tt>recipe :redis</tt> {Redis}[https://github.com/railsmachine/moonshine_redis]


=== Instructions
* <tt>rails plugin install git://github.com/Blue-Dog-Archolite/moonshine_logstash.git</tt>

=== Basic Configuration
* Add :shipper and / or :indexer to your server configuration. Use :combined if the server is both a indexer and a shipper
  <tt>server 'my-indexer-server', :app, :god, :indexer, :web, :db, :primary => true</tt>
  <tt>server 'my-shipping-server', :app, :god, :shipper, :web, :db, :primary => true</tt>
  <tt>server 'my-indexer-shipping-server', :app, :god, :combined, :web, :db, :primary => true</tt>

=== TODO
* Start as service

=== Instance OF:
  # only run parts of a recipe on testing:
  on_stage 'testing' do
    file '/etc/motd', :ensure => :file, :content => "Welcome to the TEST server!"
  end

* start parser and web only on parser servers
* start shipper on shipper servers
